
It’s like a cow’s opinion, it doesn’t matter, it’s moo

99% accurate 12 per cent of the time
car bed in my room
Confelicity: Pleasure in another's happiness. Antonym: schadenfreude
Mind your words, they are important.
Anything added dilutes everything else.
Keep it logically awesome.

Compassion, awe, devotion, and feelings of oneness 

They are part of being a human being.

scramp
sugar, window cleaner, and petroleum jelly.
 Karlheinz Stockhausen,
Aleatoric music
Köchel (K) 
Bach-Werke-Verzeichnis

https://www.cochranelibrary.com/cdsr/doi/10.1002/14651858.CD012880.pub2/full

Sound travels through the vibration of atoms and molecules in a medium (such as air or water). In space, where there is no air, sound has no way to travel.
Watts = Amps x Volts

 middle C is 256 Hz, and the frequency of the A above is 440 Hz.
 417 hz solfeggio

 Keith Humphreys, PhD, professor of psychiatry and behavioral sciences, and his fellow investigators determined that AA was nearly always found to be more effective than psychotherapy in achieving abstinence. In addition, most studies showed that AA participation lowered health care costs.
Cochrane review,

https://archive.org/details/JoniMitchellAndJamesTaylor1970BBCConcert

trade soul for unlimited knowledge and earthy pleasure

if Mephistopheles can grant Faust an experience of transcendence on Earth—a moment so blissful that he wishes to remain in it forever, ceasing to strive further—then he will instantly die and serve the Devil in Hell.
Graeber and Wengrow 

Boron, arsenic, phosphorus, and occasionally gallium are used to dope silicon. Boron is the p-type dopant of choice for silicon integrated circuit production because it diffuses at a rate that makes junction depths easily controllable.
cgm
blood sugar levels between 70 - 140. The CGM (continuous glucose monitor) 
 testing 6-8 times per day on schedule. With a pump and CGM 

 12-bar blues as consisting of I, IV, and V chords. Thus, a simple version of the 12-bar blues might be expressed as I–I–I–I, IV–IV–I–I, V–IV–I–I.

khan https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uzkc-qNVoOk&list=PLC58778F28211FA19
David Hume (1711–76) whose Treatise on Human Nature (1738) and Essays, Moral and Political (1741) helped outline the parameters of philosophical Empiricism and Scepticism.[31] He would be a major influence on later Enlightenment figures including Adam Smith, Immanuel Kant and Jeremy Bentham.

Vanguard Group Inc.
 $7.7 trillion in global assets under management, as of April 2023.[3] It is the largest provider of mutual funds and the second-largest provider of exchange-traded funds (ETFs) in the world after BlackRock's iShares.
Fidelity 500 Index Fund
existentialism philosophy is that man’s existence is the only reality that should and can be explored.
Voluntary Death
A transistor is a semiconductor device used to amplify or switch electrical signals and power. 

Mastodon is powered by the ActivityPub protocol, making it part of the Fediverse ensemble of services such as Lemmy, Pixelfed, Friendica, and PeerTube.

1/0 is undefinalbe!!!

If you count a number per second, you will reach a million in 11 and a half days. It will take you almost 32 YEARS to reach billion

homogenization of all values to the aims of the market.
 Anthony Levandowski AI religion
lightening 300 million volts

solmization
do re mi fa sol la ti


